=head1 NAME

constant::tiny - Perl pragma to declare constants


=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module is a lightweight version of the Perl standard module
C<constant.pm>. Here are the keys differences:

=over

=item *

only works on Perl 5.10+ in order to simplify a good part of the code

=item *

doesn't support Unicode names; please use the standard C<constant.pm>
module if you need to create constants with Unicode names

=item *

stricter rules about valid names, only allow names with alphanums
(C<[a-zA-Z0-9]> and underscore (C<_>), allowing one optional leading
underscore

=back

In order to simplify its usage, C<constant:tiny> uses the normal
C<constant> API. The main advatange is that switching your code
to C<constant::tiny> means simply adding it before the first
C<use constant>. The disadvantage is that, obviously, both modules
can't be used at the same time. If the normal C<constant> was
loaded before C<constant::tiny>, the latter won't do anything,
letting the normal C<constant> do the work.

Other than this, the usage is (nearly) exactly the same as with the
standard C<constant> module. For more details, please read L<constant>.


=head2 Rationale

The original reason to write this module was that, starting with
version 1.24, C<constant> always loaded F<utf8_heavy.pl>, which
consumes some memory. Usually, this is not problematic, but in
some particular cases (embedded Perl, frequently forked programs
I<E<agrave> la> CGI), the increased memory cost can become a concern.

Therefore, this module was written as a alternative solution,
with no support for Unicode names, so that programs working in
memory constrained environments could have a better control.

Funnily enough, the day C<constant::tiny> was released on CPAN
(the code had been written two months earlier as a proof of
concept), Brad Gilbert proposed a patch for C<constant> in order
to delay loading F<utf8_heavy.pl> until necessary.

Therefore C<constant::tiny> is less useful (which is good news),
but can still address specific needs, if you want to restrict
constant names to alphanums only.


=head1 INSTALLATION

To install this module, run the following commands:

    perl Makefile.PL
    make
    make test
    make install

Alternatively, to install with Module::Build, you can use the
following commands:

    perl Build.PL
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install


=head1 SUPPORT

You can find documentation for this module with the perldoc command.

    perldoc constant::tiny

You can also look for information at:

=over

=item * Search CPAN

L<http://search.cpan.org/dist/constant-tiny/>

=item * Meta CPAN

L<https://metacpan.org/module/constant::tiny>

=item * RT: CPAN's request tracker (report bugs here)

L<https://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=constant-tiny>.

=item * AnnoCPAN: Annotated CPAN documentation

L<http://annocpan.org/dist/constant-tiny>

=item * CPAN Ratings

L<http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/constant-tiny>

=back


=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

This module is heavily based on C<constant.pm>, originaly written
by Tom Phoenix, Casey West, Nicholas Clark, Zefram and many other
folks from the Perl 5 Porters.


=head1 AUTHOR

SE<eacute>bastien Aperghis-Tramoni C<< <sebastien at aperghis.net> >>


=head1 LICENSE

This module is free software; you can redistribute it or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut

